README.md, before:

# WSAA-coursework

This is the repositotry for the module Web Services and applications. 

Lecturer: Andrew Beatty

Assignment Folder:
This is the folder that contains the assignments for this module.

Assignment 1 to set up the environment.

1. Assignment2-carddraw
   This assignment involved writing a programme that "deals" out 5 cards. The programme prints out the value and the suit of each of the 5 cards. The programme also checks if within the 5 cards if there is a pair, tripple, quad, straight, or all the same suit and congratulate the user.

A quiz was incorporated here and sent in by moodle.

2. Assigment3-cso.py
A program that retrieves the dataset for the "exchequer account (historical series)" from the CSO, and stores it into a file called "cso.json".
(I had an issue with the old repository. I spoke to Andrew and all the old files are transfered here). I had to rejigg the code for this one. So two attempts. 

3. Assignment4-github.py
Aprogramme in python that will firstly read a file from a repository. It then replaces all the instances of the text "Andrew: with the name "Grace". The programme then commits that change and push the file back to the repository. 
I first created a txt file with a story from Chat GPT about a boy called Andrew. The name Andrew is mentioned 4 times in the story. This file was called assign4story.txt  

A quiz was inserted here.

Commit message:

added more pronouns to the code

README.md, after:

# WSAA-coursework

This is the repositotry for the module Web Services and applications. 

Lecturer: Andrew Beatty

Assignment Folder:
This is the folder that contains the assignments for this module.

Assignment 1 to set up the environment.

1. Assignment2-carddraw
   This assignment involved writing a programme that "deals" out 5 cards. The programme prints out the value and the suit of each of the 5 cards. The programme also checks if within the 5 cards if there is a pair, tripple, quad, straight, or all the same suit and congratulate the user.

A quiz was incorporated here and sent in by moodle.

2. Assigment3-cso.py
A program that retrieves the dataset for the "exchequer account (historical series)" from the CSO, and stores it into a file called "cso.json".
(I had an issue with the old repository. I spoke to Andrew and all the old files are transfered here). I had to rejigg the code for this one. So two attempts. 

3. Assignment4-github.py
Aprogramme in python that will firstly read a file from a repository. It then replaces all the instances of the text "Andrew: with the name "Grace". The programme then commits that change and push the file back to the repository. 
I first created a txt file with a story from Chat GPT about a boy called Andrew. The name Andrew is mentioned 4 times in the story. This file was called assign4story.txt realised gender would be wrong as 'Grace' is female. So added to the code to change pronouns. 'He' was used 6 times,'him' was used once and 'his' is used three times

A quiz was inserted here.
